Windows Related Changes (#184)
nestauk/ojd_daps_skills: README.md

python -m spacy download en_core_web_sm
```

> Note that this package was developed on MacOS and tested on Ubuntu, as such it may not work smoothly on Windows.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this package was developed on MacOS and tested on Ubuntu. Changes have been made to be compatible on a Windows system but are not tested and cannot be guaranteed. 
```
I guess because you've made those changes it should work more smoothly?
